
Basic Usage
===========

This notebook should demonstrate how I try to access and process data
more easily. As of now the ``esm_analysis`` library is just a concept and
far from being ready to be deployed. As an example I will try to explain
in functionality based on **CMORPH** satellite data:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Import the library 
    import esm_analysis

Creating a Task Schedule
------------------------

To involve a computing cluster we’ll import the ``SLURMCluster`` from
``dask_jobqueue``

.. code:: ipython3

    from dask_jobqueue import SLURMCluster

The cluster cluster can be configured according to the desired queue and
project

.. code:: ipython3

    cluster = SLURMCluster(queue='gpu', project='mh0287', walltime='03:00:00')


.. parsed-literal::

    /mnt/lustre01/work/mh0287/m300765/anaconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/distributed/dashboard/core.py:74: UserWarning: 
    Port 8787 is already in use. 
    Perhaps you already have a cluster running?
    Hosting the diagnostics dashboard on a random port instead.
      warnings.warn("\n" + msg)


.. code:: ipython3

    cluster



.. parsed-literal::

    VBox(children=(HTML(value='<h2>SLURMCluster</h2>'), HBox(children=(HTML(value='\n<div>\n  <style scoped>\n    …


.. code:: ipython3

    %matplotlib notebook
    from itertools import groupby
    import getpass
    import os
    from pathlib import Path
    from multiprocessing import cpu_count
    import re
    
    def etime():
        user, sys, _, _, _ = os.times()
        return user+sys

Creating the *RunDirectory* object
----------------------------------

The ``RunDirectory`` class opens netcdf data and tries to fetch
additional information on the data that might be stored in fortran name
list files that might have been created by run-scripts. Creating an
instance of the ``RunDirecotry`` object will create a **json** file
where all important data is stored for faster accessing the run the next
time.

To instantiate the ``RunDirectory`` object we need the path to the data
an experiment name (or file name suffix) that is unique to the data
files and which kind of model/dataset is considered. Model/Dataset type
is useful as variable names will be conveniently translated by the
library; the user will only have to know the variable names for the
*ECHAM* model convection. Variable name translations to other
datasets/models will be done by the library. The following translations
are implemented at the moment: \* ECHAM / ICON-MPI \* ICON-DWD \* CMORPH

Let’s open a **CMORPH** satellite based rainfall dataset.

.. code:: ipython3

    # First define the path where the data is stored
    run_dir = Path('/home/mpim/m300765/Data/CMORPH/netcdf/years/')
    
    suffix = 'Cmorph' # Experiment name (in this case the filename suffix)
    data_type = suffix.upper() # No tell the module that it should convert variable names from 
                               # CMORPH to ECHAM names

.. code:: ipython3

    # Instanciate the RunDirectory object
    Run = esm_analysis.RunDirectory(run_dir, model_type=data_type, overwrite=True, client=cluster)

If no client keyword is given then ``RunDirectory`` tries to start a
local multiprocessing pool. But in our case we have started a cluster
and can directly connect to that cluster

.. code:: ipython3

    Run.dask_client




.. raw:: html

    <table style="border: 2px solid white;">
    <tr>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; border: 0px solid white">
    <h3>Client</h3>
    <ul>
      <li><b>Scheduler: </b>tcp://136.172.50.15:45555
      <li><b>Dashboard: </b><a href='http://136.172.50.15:35363/status' target='_blank'>http://136.172.50.15:35363/status</a>
    </ul>
    </td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; border: 0px solid white">
    <h3>Cluster</h3>
    <ul>
      <li><b>Workers: </b>2</li>
      <li><b>Cores: </b>96</li>
      <li><b>Memory: </b>128.00 GB</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
    </tr>
    </table>



**NOTE:** The ``overwrite`` key word argument set to true for
demonstrative purpose and will be explained in detail later.

At this time no files have been opened, let’s see which files that
belong to the dataset it has found. The ``files`` property will return a
``pandas Series`` with all filename that can be potentially opened. We
know that the filenames follow a certain date pattern. Let’s group all
filenames for a certain months together:

.. code:: ipython3

    Run.files.head()




.. parsed-literal::

    0    /home/mpim/m300765/Data/CMORPH/netcdf/years/19...
    1    /home/mpim/m300765/Data/CMORPH/netcdf/years/19...
    2    /home/mpim/m300765/Data/CMORPH/netcdf/years/19...
    3    /home/mpim/m300765/Data/CMORPH/netcdf/years/19...
    4    /home/mpim/m300765/Data/CMORPH/netcdf/years/19...
    dtype: object



Re-Gridding the Input Data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Let’s remap the content of this run. The ``run_directory`` object also
offers a method for this. The remapping method is applied by calling
``remap``.

Remap will automatically try to run jobs in parallel. First see check
how many parallel tasks are available on this machine:

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f'Will run with {len(config.workers)} workers a {config.worker_cores} cores in the background.')


.. parsed-literal::

    Will run with 2 workers a 48 cores in the background.


Let’s define the output directory and the grid description file. If no
output directory is given the remapping will create a sub-directory in
the work folder.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Define the traget grid description and the output directory of the folder
    griddes = '/home/mpim/m300385/precip/T63grid_TRMM.txt'
    user = getpass.getuser()
    out_dir = Path(f'/scratch/{user[0]}/{user}/tmp/CMORPH/echam_grid')
    out_dir.mkdir(exist_ok=True, parents=True)

.. code:: ipython3

    # Call the remap procedure
    %time _ =  Run.remap(griddes, out_dir=out_dir, method='remapcon')



.. parsed-literal::

    HBox(children=(IntProgress(value=0, description='Remapping: ', max=6574, style=ProgressStyle(description_width…


.. parsed-literal::

    
    CPU times: user 6min 5s, sys: 11.3 s, total: 6min 16s
    Wall time: 34min 1s


Applying Custom Functions to the Run
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The remapped data is stored in *daily* files. Suppose we want to merge
the data into monthly files. We can take advantage of the fact that the
filenames follow a the convention ``PRODUCTNAME_YEAR_MONTH_DAY.nc``,
hence is it easy to use some ``regex`` to group them by month.

.. code:: ipython3

    search = lambda key : re.search('.*\d{4}_\d{2}_*', key, re.M).group(0)
    groups = [list(g) for k, g in groupby(Run.files, key=search)]
    print(f'There are {len(groups)} different months in the dataset')


.. parsed-literal::

    There are 216 different months in the dataset


``mpi_data`` comes with python bindings for cdo which can be accessed
via ``mpi_data.cdo``. Let’s define a function that merges the daily data
in *CMPORPH* into monthly data:

.. code:: ipython3

    def mergetime(infiles, outdir, prefix):
        """Apply a cdo mergetime."""
        # Get the month and year from the first filename
        re_match = f'.*{prefix}_(?P<year>[^/]+)_(?P<month>[^/]+)_(?P<day>[^/]+).nc$'
        year, month = re.match(re_match, infiles[0]).group('year', 'month')
        outfile = Path(outdir)/Path(f'{prefix}_{year}_{month}.nc')
        return esm_analysis.cdo.mergetime(' '+' '.join(infiles), output=outfile.as_posix())

.. code:: ipython3

    # Define the out directory
    out_dir = Path(f'/scratch/{user[0]}/{user}/tmp/CMORPH/echam_mon')
    out_dir.mkdir(exist_ok=True, parents=True)

We have *216 months* to merge this operation can take quite some time
when done serially. The ``RunDirectory`` object offers a static method
(``apply_function``) that can apply a collection to any given function
in parallel. Let’s apply the above defined function ``mergetime`` in
parallel and measure the speed of the application.

.. code:: ipython3

    %time _ = Run.apply_function(mergetime, groups, args=(out_dir.as_posix(), 'Cmorph'), label='Merge Time')



.. parsed-literal::

    HBox(children=(IntProgress(value=0, description='Merge Time: ', max=216, style=ProgressStyle(description_width…


.. parsed-literal::

    
    CPU times: user 945 ms, sys: 68 ms, total: 1.01 s
    Wall time: 5.7 s


Merging all months has finished in under just 10 seconds. Let’s load the
new monthly dataset :

.. code:: ipython3

    MonthRun = esm_analysis.RunDirectory(out_dir, model_type=data_type, overwrite=True, client=cluster)
    MonthRun.files.iloc[-1]




.. parsed-literal::

    '/scratch/m/m300765/tmp/CMORPH/echam_mon/Cmorph_2015_12.nc'



Up to now we did not load any dataset. Let’s load the entire data by
creating a virtual dataset that opens all files and virtually merges
them along the *time* axis. This can be done by calling ``load_data``
method.

Loading only a subset can be specified by collections of filenames or
glob patterns. If we wanted to load only data between 1999 and 2105 we
could to the following:

.. code:: ipython3

    t1 = etime()
    MonthRun.load_data([f'*{year}*.nc' for year in range(1999, 2016)])
    print(f'Fresh load took {etime() - t1} seonds')


.. parsed-literal::

    Fresh load took 12.279999999999973 seonds


The loaded dataset can be accessed with help of the ``dataset`` property

.. code:: ipython3

    MonthRun.dataset[MonthRun.variables['pr']]




.. parsed-literal::

    <xarray.DataArray 'precip' (time: 49672, lat: 32, lon: 192)>
    dask.array<shape=(49672, 32, 192), dtype=float32, chunksize=(248, 32, 192)>
    Coordinates:
      * time     (time) datetime64[ns] 1999-01-01 ... 2015-12-31T21:00:00
      * lon      (lon) float64 0.0 1.875 3.75 5.625 7.5 ... 352.5 354.4 356.2 358.1
      * lat      (lat) float64 -28.91 -27.05 -25.18 -23.32 ... 25.18 27.05 28.91
    Attributes:
        standard_name:  3_hourly_accumulated_precipitaion
        long_name:      3 hourly accumulated precipitaion
        units:          mm/3hr
        code:           142
        table:          128
        short_naem:     precip
        fill_value:     -999.0



Using Data-Caches for faster realoading
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Loading the data can take, depending on the amount of files in the run,
a significant up amount of time. This is where the ``overwrite`` keyword
argument comes in. When creating an instance of the ``RunDirectory``
object meta data about the run is saved in a *json* file. Loading a
dataset will dump a serialized image of that loaded dataset into the run
directory and the path to the dump is stored in the *json* file. The
next time the data is loaded this dump will be opened instead of the
netcdf files. This speeds up significantly the reading process. If the
user wishes not to stored meta data but created a ‘fresh’ read of the
data from files the ``RunDirectory`` object can instantiated with the
``overwrite`` keyword argument set to ``True``.

Let’s do the same what we’ve done above but with the default behavior.
No overwrite. You’ll notice a significant speed-up for retrieving the
dataset.

.. code:: ipython3

    MonthRun = esm_analysis.RunDirectory(out_dir, model_type=data_type, client=cluser)

.. code:: ipython3

    t1 = etime()
    MonthRun.load_data()
    print(f'Loading the serialized pickle took {etime() - t1} seonds')


.. parsed-literal::

    Loading the serialized pickle took 0.43000000000006366 seonds


Interactive Data Visualisation
------------------------------

``mpi_data`` comes with a very rudimentary plotting collection. For
instances plotting on maps is still not supported. Yet the 2D rainfall
field could be visualized by applying the ``profile_2d`` method of the
``ProfilePlotter`` class

.. code:: ipython3

    from mpi_data.plot import ProfilePlotter
    from matplotlib import pyplot as plt

.. code:: ipython3

    P = ProfilePlotter.profile_2d(MonthRun.dataset, MonthRun.variables['pr'],
                                  figsize=(9, 6),  data_dim='x', avg_dims=None,
                                  vmin=0, vmax=20, apply_func=None ,
                                  cbar_args={'cbar_size':'7%', 'cbar_pad': '5%'})



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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" width="900">



.. parsed-literal::

    HBox(children=(BoundedFloatText(value=0.0, description='time', layout=Layout(height='30px', width='200px'), ma…



.. parsed-literal::

    FloatRangeSlider(value=(0.0, 20.0), continuous_update=False, description='Range:', layout=Layout(width='100%')…


As of now, this creates a ``imshow`` plot along with ipython widgets
that can be used to change color bar range, color map and cycle through
time steps in the plot. This makes a first exploration of the data very
easy.

Since the dataset of *MonthRun* is an xarray dataset object you can do
anything with it you would usually do with xarray datasets.

.. code:: ipython3

    fig, ax = plt.subplots(1,1, figsize=(9, 3.2))
    MonthRun.dataset[MonthRun.variables['pr']][0:8].sum(dim='time').plot(ax=ax)



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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" width="900">




.. parsed-literal::

    <matplotlib.collections.QuadMesh at 0x2b54730c38d0>



